README.md, before:

# MetaLoc

An experiment of MetaWatch and Google Maps.

# Usage

Please install MetaWatch Manager first (requires 0.2.4 or later). The manager could be obtained from [MetaWatch](http://metawatch.org/).

Open the app on the handset and it'll keep update last known location. Hit start button to start send maps to your watch. Please note that you'll need internet connection the whole time for obtaining Google Maps images.

# License

 Copyright 2011 Zero, Chien-An Cho

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.

Commit message:

add bug section to README
explain the MWM 0.2.4 bug that don't stop the app mode.

README.md, after:

# MetaLoc

An experiment of MetaWatch and Google Maps.

# Usage

Please install MetaWatch Manager first (requires 0.2.4 or later). The manager could be obtained from [MetaWatch](http://metawatch.org/).

Open the app on the handset and it'll keep update last known location. Hit start button to start send maps to your watch. Please note that you'll need internet connection the whole time for obtaining Google Maps images.

# Known Bugs

Due to the bug in the MWM 0.2.4 (it send wrong signal to watch for "Stop Application Mode", in fact, it sends the opposite…), you may notice that your watch is not responding even if you hit Stop button. You'll need to Stop and re-Start your MetaWatch Manager to get your watch return to idle mode.

# License

 Copyright 2011 Zero, Chien-An Cho

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.
